Update compliance-policy-create-windows.md (#4184)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/protect/compliance-policy-create-windows.md

- **Antivirus**:  
  - **Not configured** (*default*) - Intune doesn't check for any antivirus solutions installed on the device.
  - **Require** - Check compliance using antivirus solutions that are registered with [Windows Security Center](https://blogs.windows.com/windowsexperience/2017/01/23/introducing-windows-defender-security-center/), such as Symantec and Microsoft Defender.

>     Product out of date or with disabled scanning is considered not compliant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A product out of date or with disabled scanning is considered non-compliant.
```

  [DeviceStatus CSP - DeviceStatus/Antivirus/Status](/windows/client-management/mdm/devicestatus-csp)

- **Antispyware**:  
  - **Not configured** (*default*) - Intune doesn't check for any antispyware solutions installed on the device.
  - **Require** - Check compliance using antispyware solutions that are registered with [Windows Security Center](https://blogs.windows.com/windowsexperience/2017/01/23/introducing-windows-defender-security-center/), such as Symantec and Microsoft Defender.

>     Product out of date or with disabled scanning is considered not compliant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A product out of date or with disabled scanning is considered non-compliant.
```
